# 8th January 2022

Today I started having breakfast with Stefano and sending a few emails to people I would like to interview. I have then studied some papers of a researcher I am going to interview next week, and sent him a tentative list of questions. I have then had the first meeting with the crypto trading group: I looked for the first time into Asana, Jira, Confluence. Interesting programs to work with, not necessarily remotely.
After lunch I studied Random Matrix Theory: it's more and more clear to me how important it is to study physics, compared to computer science. I think research fundings should reflect this, less money to "AI", more money to fundamental research (or at least, there is a tension between low hanging fruits and big ones). I want to understand the relations between Random Matrix Theory and Deep Learning, maybe that's the key to use Deep Learning models in stochastic frameworks, we'll see.
I have then addressed Andrei's proposal, from my perspective the interplay between data-driven dynamical systems and complex systems theory is promising even in his field, but maybe he knows better, time will tell.
I have then met with Vahid: I didn't consider that Kernel PCA makes the decoding more challenging. This is not a deep problem, but it's a problem nonetheless, we'll need to address this.
After dinner I screamed at my trading bots because of the API limitations of the exchange, but I think I solved the issue, tomorrow I'll be sure about it.
I have then updated a bit my website and now I am here, see you tomorrow!