# 14th January 2022

Yesterday I forgot to take my medication, it's crazy how poorly I sleep, the things I see, the sleep paralysis, hell can really break loose in any moment, gratefulness is probably the most reasonable approach to normal life.

Our daily went well, even if there is much work to be done by the sprint review, next week. I will have to work this weekend.

Beside work, during the lunch break I talked with Amos and a person he knows, working in finance. Promising things ahead, I hope we manage to work more on the algorithm before we properly start working on our track record. I also had a 5 minutes call with the finance department is Strathclyde, I should be done with the burocracy in a few weeks, and if also the paper is ready in the same paper, I will be finally be done with it.

Mid-afternoon Sendy, my dog which lived with my family since I was 10, left us. She was old and sick. I truly love her, I will miss her going back to my hometown. Mid-school, high-school, bachelor, master, PhD, European Space Agency: she is not the only one who got older and decided it was time to go. One day I will go too. What Emanuele Severino says about death makes sense to me, and I am closer to Christianity than to nichilism. What a mistery. But death, even without the meaning we give to it, exists, and it is truely the creative force of meaning, responsibility and therefore freedom, as stated by Viktor Emil Frankl. What death truly is, and related to this what time really is, I do not know. I know that I will miss the dog I grew up with.

Ciao Sendona, buon viaggio, ci vediamo presto.