# 10th January 2022

Today I woke up late at I went into the SDO Morning Coffee right away. I have then looked into the external GODOT dependencies and how we can use them to install sdocoralib. Our daily lasted a couple of hours as we tried to debug the propagator, starting from the use of UTC time instead of TT, in order to have a matching between the propagated state and the one coming from the reinizialization from the loaded ephemeris. This was in preparation of the afternoon's meeting with the Flight Dynamics department. I have then had an Exploratory interview with Aiko: finally I reached the point in which my profile is interesting enough to be targeted by a company irrispective of current open positions. We'll see how to bring this to realization in the best way in the following weeks. I worked a bit more on the integration of godot dependencies with the updates in the propagatorpoint I will have to do in the coming days.

I have than met with Vahid. Still studying how to best go forward with the pre-image problem in KPCA. We hope to have a nice package online around the end of the month, let's see. Also, fuck bad people, let them sink and don't look back.

Before dinner I met with Andrei and Emanuele: super costructive call, we have a way forward which is clear, promising and doable. Again, a lot of software development is desired and needed.

I thought I need to hire more people, even at the cost of reducing every project to only one hour per meeting. As Poincare', I need to open as many problems in parallel as possible: in this way my subconcious will work on them while I sleep. Also someone else (Parisi?) said that you should do this because things are oddly connected, tackling one problem could help you solve another one.