# 11th January 2022

Today I missed the SDO Morning Coffee because tonight I couldn't sleep well. I went on with the daily but I am a bit stuck at the moment in tryingto figure out how to back to having an internal GODOT dependency in the project while building from our new cpp class. Challenging issues university didn't prepare me for.

Maybe I should ask for more support to the flight dynamics group, if tomorrow I'm still struggling I will.

After work I met Vishnu and Apeksha, we brainstormed for tomorrow's call with Stefan, hopefully we'll have a clear way forward, I am hopeful, especially because it seems there are a number of points which could be addressed by us.

I have then met with Francesco, Aerisgate for a quick discussion about the opened issues, which we have prioritized. We also scheduled a weekly meeting: really helpful when working on different projects to have a place in you mind for some specific project. 

In the evening I have finally started reading "Order out of chaos - man's new dialogue with nature". I'm just at the preface and it's already really deep, talking about our recent shift in the conceptualization of time. In some sense similar to the Parisi paper I have read and shared a few days ago. Prigogine's work and Nobel prize was not so different from Parisi's one. Thinking about the nature of time, (ir)reversability and related ideas, I asked again myself if the universe, the "everything", is a close, and therefore reversible, system. I am once again thinking about Poincare's recurrence theorem, and the connection this has with Nietzsche's Eternal Return. For reasons related to ergodicity, time could really cyclical, but no one could be able to be on the other side to remember it. Lol, I am thinking about a Corrado Guzzanti joke about reincarnation. But if the universe is a closed system, what's outside it? It's curious that we think the concept of infinity is "non human", but we are never satisfied with limitlessness. I can only imagine an infinity of finite things or one infinite thing. This shows how limited my imagination is. Also, dark energy and matter don't think with keep the Recurrence Theorem premises standing, so I've just made the mistake of applying a model I am familiar with on the unknown. BIG MISTAKE.

Bye.