# 12th January 2022

This morning was cold. And I woke up with a sore throat. I've discovered a co-working space in Bologna, I may go there sometimes in the near future, we'll see.

I had our daily in which we went back to the event triggered in Python because the update of the loaded trajectory only updates the input of the RHS, so it seems, at least for now, we need to come back to the surface in Python and trigger an event that updates the state. I've been working on this: new branch, new codes. The GODOT examples are really useful, and Gabor as well. I've been working on this after dinner as well: because of this update today with Volker was super quick because we don't need to include GODOT dependencies in our cpp classes, and so we'll need to have the results by tomorrow morning. Now I am tired but I'll wake up early and work on this before our daily.

Also, good news: Emanuele is interested in getting involved, to some degree, with the development of the algo trading. Really good news.

As far as research is concerned, we had a call with Stefan Klus, he's really on point, he knows what he is talking about. I also think yesterday we had prepared well for the chat and the study we did in the last few weeks made the difference, compared to when I first met him. We have a lot of homeworks.

With Benjamin we looked again at a couple of reference works and we changed the model we are aiming for: this is gonna be simpler than what I was thinking before but there will still be interesting things popping up because of Ito. Fingers crossed, we should talk with Belbruno about this at a certain point.

And that's all, I am tired but it is worth it. Tomorrow is probably going to be even more painful, but Friday is gonna be easier and then weekend! 